sup guys this is reece cannon and today
we're playing Liberty City Police
Department first response but first or
for the whole video I'll be blabbering
on about how I want to make a clan for
GT for liberty see police department
first response so I'm just in the
players try actually yeah they were some
signing in to Liberty City Police
Department's so i'm going to say i want
that outfit that looks nice and i'm
going to run out the door and choose a
car right i'm gonna choose this car oh
yeah right so i want to make a clan
liberty see police department first
response actually it's going to be a new
york police department boxer will be
using the model UBC police department
first response so if you have that mod
and you want to start a policeman
for New York Police Department I will
need traffic cops they can be response
units as well also i will need a
aviation unit and a SWAT / news n 00 SE
department so if you are willing to do
this then i want an email or I'm making
the website in progress that's in the
description so go serve my email in the
description all the website in the
description and the website via facebook
page so just like the facebook page
plumbing on there or something i prefer
it if you email me but either way I
don't really care you can message me on
youtube or comment on this video if you
want to and basically it'll just be like
a roleplay sort of thing you just be
doing casual missions if you need backup
then you'll respond to the call outs
that people actually say see if i say
well we didn't know very muted call to
blah blah blah blah blah then you gotta
do this if we try to do as realistic as
possible try not try avoiding
killing unsuspecting victims try avoided
light scratching cars ETCs you go past
just try and stay as professional as
possible like that would have
I'm not going to be strict I'm not going
to put a limit on the amount of people
in the class anyone's welcome to join
preferably 13 plus
that this will be back up ASAP so let me
know if you're interested in doing it
like I said I'm more than willing to
accept anyone that comes here as long as
you will be reliable you will not cause
any
nuisance
Hosting adult content ET c then you're
more than welcome to join I can and of
course it has to be GTA 4 not the
episode phila beach city are the
standard GTA 4
yeah you just be responded to place
things like this sob like bhayani back
up back up at where is this place back
up at South Bohan then we'll come then
you look in front door yes right so if
you'd like to join that sectors don't
ever like comment subscribe and don't
forget to join my epic growing plan
thank you and goodbye